Add some AI Docs (#2413)
microsoft/teams-ai: book/src/5.in-depth-guides/5.ai/README.md

# 🤖 AI

The AI packages in this library are designed to make it easier to build applications with LLMs.
The `@microsoft/teams.ai` package has two main components:

## 📦 Prompts

A `Prompt` is the component that orchestrates everything, it handles state management,
function definitions, and invokes the model/template when needed. This layer abstracts many of
the complexities of the Models to provide a common interface.

## 🧠 Models

A `Model` is the component that interfaces with the LLM, being given some `input` and returning the `output`.
This layer deals with any of the nuances of the particular Models being used.

> It is in the model implementation that the individual LLM features (ie Streaming/Tools etc)

Reviewer: nit: I don't think we need to capitalize these, but I could be wrong. 

```suggestion
It is in the model implementation that the individual LLM features (i.e. Streaming/Tools etc)
```
